
+++
selected = false
authors = [
  "**Jason Koh**", "Sandeep Sandha", "Bharathan Balaji", "Daniel Crawl", "Ilkay Altintas", "Rajesh Gupta", "Mani Srivastava"
]
math = false
publication_short = "SenSys2017"
url_dataset = ""
publication = "Proceedings of the 15th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems"
date = "2017-11-05"
title = "Poster: Data Hub Architecture for Smart Cities"
abstract_short = "Data hub architecture for geo-sptial data with provenance tracking in smart cities"
image_preview = ""
abstract = "Today large amount of data is generated by cities. Many of the datasets are openly available and are contributed by different sectors, government bodies and institutions. The new data can affect our understanding of the issues faced by cities and can support evidence based policies.  However usage of data is limited due to difficulty in assimilating data from different sources. Open datasets often lack uniform structure which limits its analysis using traditional database systems. In this paper we present Citadel, a data hub for cities. Citadel's goal is to support end to end knowledge discovery cyber-infrastructure for effective analysis and policy support. Citadel is designed to ingest large amount of heterogeneous data and supports multiple use cases by encouraging data sharing in cities. Our poster presents the proposed features, architecture, implementation details and initial results."
url_project = ""
url_pdf = "pdf/sensys2017_citadelposter.pdf"
url_poster = "pdf/sensys2017_citadelposter_poster.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_video = ""
image = ""

+++

